README.md, before:

## hello world! :slightly_smiling_face:

## about me

- currently looking for data scientist and data engineer jobs
- MSc student in biomedical engineering at [UFPE](https://www.ufpe.br/)
- researching: machine learning and deep learning methods for skin lesion classification
- [![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png) LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pedro-vitorlima/)

## some projects

### data engineering

- [data extraction and automatic upload to cloud](https://peuvitor.github.io/aws-s3-database-dump/)

  `ETL pipeline` `AWS S3` `boto3` `docker compose` `cron job`
  
- [designing and deploying a database in a docker container](https://peuvitor.github.io/modelagem-banco-de-dados-e-docker/)

  `python` `data modeling` `mysql workbench` `docker compose` `data generator`

- [how to set up and populate a database in a docker container](https://peuvitor.github.io/docker-banco-de-dados-e-gerador-de-massa/)

  `shell` `docker compose` `mariadb`

- [shell scripts](https://github.com/peuvitor/intro-shell-script)
  
  `loops` `conditional statements` `cron job` `web scraping` 
    
### data science

- [vehicle insurance claim fraud detection](https://peuvitor.github.io/insurance-fraud-detection/)

  `python` `classification` `ADASYN` `data transformation` `cross-validation` `grid search` `feature importance`

- [predicting diabetes progression](https://peuvitor.github.io/regression-diabetes/)

  `python` `regression` `scikit-learn` `shap values`

- [analysis of students performance in exams](https://peuvitor.github.io/python-mysql/)

  `data analysis` `python` `mysql` `pandas`

### miscellaneous

- [MATLAB application for projects with repetitive controllers](https://github.com/peuvitor/repetitive-controller-designer)
  
  `matlab` `GUIDE` `controller design`

Commit message:

adicionando projeto linkedin jobs scraper

README.md, after:

## hello world! :slightly_smiling_face:

## about me

- currently looking for data scientist and data engineer jobs
- MSc student in biomedical engineering at [UFPE](https://www.ufpe.br/)
- researching: machine learning and deep learning methods for skin lesion classification
- [![Linkedin](https://i.stack.imgur.com/gVE0j.png) LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pedro-vitorlima/)

## some projects

### data engineering

- [data extraction and automatic upload to cloud](https://peuvitor.github.io/aws-s3-database-dump/)

  `ETL pipeline` `AWS S3` `boto3` `docker compose` `cron job`
  
- [scraping jobs on LinkedIn and uploading to google sheets](https://peuvitor.github.io/linkedin-jobs-scraper/)

  `ETL pipeline` `GCP` `web scraping` `docker compose` `cron job` `data consolidation`
  
- [designing and deploying a database in a docker container](https://peuvitor.github.io/modelagem-banco-de-dados-e-docker/)

  `python` `data modeling` `mysql workbench` `docker compose` `data generator`

- [how to set up and populate a database in a docker container](https://peuvitor.github.io/docker-banco-de-dados-e-gerador-de-massa/)

  `shell` `docker compose` `mariadb`

- [shell scripts](https://github.com/peuvitor/intro-shell-script)
  
  `loops` `conditional statements` `cron job` `web scraping` 
    
### data science

- [vehicle insurance claim fraud detection](https://peuvitor.github.io/insurance-fraud-detection/)

  `python` `classification` `ADASYN` `data transformation` `cross-validation` `grid search` `feature importance`

- [predicting diabetes progression](https://peuvitor.github.io/regression-diabetes/)

  `python` `regression` `scikit-learn` `shap values`

- [analysis of students performance in exams](https://peuvitor.github.io/python-mysql/)

  `data analysis` `python` `mysql` `pandas`

### miscellaneous

- [MATLAB application for projects with repetitive controllers](https://github.com/peuvitor/repetitive-controller-designer)
  
  `matlab` `GUIDE` `controller design`
